[IMP] misc: voip onsip updates (#7698)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/voip/onsip.rst

needed with OnSIP to use this service. Before doing so, make sure that the company's home area and
the areas that will be called to are covered by OnSIP services. After opening an OnSIP account,
follow the configuration procedure below to configure on an Odoo database.

Configuration
=============

First, go to Apps and install the module *VoIP OnSIP*.

.. tip::
   Clear out the search bar and type in `onsip`. The OnSIP module will appear.

.. image:: onsip/install-onsip.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of Onsip app in the app search results.

Odoo VoIP setting
-----------------

Following the module installation, go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings`. In the
:menuselection:`Integrations -- > Asterisk (VoIP)` section, fill in the 3 fields:

- :guilabel:`OnSIP Domain` is the domain that was assigned when creating an account on
  `OnSIP <https://www.onsip.com/>`_.
- :guilabel:`WebSocket` = `wss://edge.sip.onsip.com`
- :guilabel:`Mode` = :guilabel:`Production`

.. image:: onsip/asterisk-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: VoIP configuration settings in Odoo Settings app.

.. tip::

>    To access the OnSIP domain, navigate to `OnSIP <https://www.onsip.com/>`_ and log in. An

Reviewer: When I logged in, it took me to the call history dashboard instead. I just had to click on the Administrators link at the top-right of the page, and then the rest of the steps were correct.

   administrative dahsboard will appear. In the left menu, click on :guilabel:`Users` and then
   select any user. By default the user will open on the :guilabel:`User Info` tab. Click on the
   :guilabel:`Phone Settings` tab to reveal  OnSIP configuration credentials. In the first column,
   last in the list of credentials, is :guilabel:`Domain`.

   .. image:: onsip/domain-setting.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Domain setting revealed (highlighted) on administrative panel of OnSIP management
            console.

Odoo user setting
-----------------

> Next, the user will need to be setup in Odoo. Every user that will be associated with an OnSIP User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the user will need to be set up in Odoo. Every user that will be associated with an OnSIP user
```

must also be configured in the Odoo user's settings/preferences.

First, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings --> Manage Users --> Select the User`. Once on the user

> that the OnSIP account should be configured with, click on the :guilabel:`Preferences` tab and

Reviewer: Since this is 15, I would add that you have to click "Edit" before you can make changes to the record. Not sure if you want to add it before or after you mention scrolling to the VoIP section, but I wanted to call it out

scroll to :guilabel:`VoIP Configuration`. In this section are the fields that need to be filled in

> with On SIP credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with OnSIP credentials.
```
(I am assuming it should always be "OnSip" one word based on context, if not feel free to ignore)

.. tip::
   To access the OnSIP credentials, navigate to `OnSIP <https://www.onsip.com/>`_ and log in. An
   administrative dashboard will appear. In the left menu, click on :guilabel:`Users` and then
   select the user. By default the user will open on the :guilabel:`User Info` tab. Click on the

>    :guilabel:`Phone Settings` tab to reveal  OnSIP configuration credentials. In the first column,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`Phone Settings` tab to reveal OnSIP configuration credentials. In the first column,
```

   last in the list of credentials.

Fill in the following fields with the associated credentials listed below:

- :guilabel:`SIP Login` / :guilabel:`Browser's Extension` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Username`
- :guilabel:`OnSIP authorization User` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Auth Username`
- :guilabel:`SIP Password` = OnSIP :guilabel:`SIP Password`
- :guilabel:`Handset Extension` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Ext.` (extension without the `x`)

.. image:: onsip/onsip-creds.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Onsip user credentials with username, auth username, SIP password, and extension
         highlighted.

.. tip::
   The OnSIP extension can be found in the :guilabel:`User` banner line above the tabs.

Once these steps are complete, and the work is saved, Odoo users can make phone calls by clicking

> :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon  in the top right corner of Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon in the top-right corner of Odoo.
```

.. seealso::
   Additional setup and troubleshooting steps can be found on `OnSIP's knowledgebase
   <https://support.onsip.com/hc/en-us>`_.

Incoming calls
--------------

The Odoo database will also receive incoming calls that produce pop-up windows in Odoo. Click the
green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to answer the call.

   .. image:: onsip/incoming-call.png
      :align: center
      :alt: alt text

.. seealso::
   :doc:`voip_widget`

Troubleshooting
---------------

> .. tip::

Reviewer: I don't think you need to block out these sections as "tips" since they both fall under the Troubleshooting heading. I think it would make it easier to navigate the doc if you added subheadings for each tip instead of separating them out with admonition blocks.

>    If a *Missing Parameters* message apprears in the Odoo softphone, make sure to refresh the Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a *Missing Parameters* message appears in the Odoo softphone, make sure to refresh the Odoo
```

   browser window (or tab) and try again.

   .. image:: onsip/onsip04.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Missing parameter message in the Odoo VoIP widget.

.. tip::
   If an *Incorrect Number* message appears in the Odoo softphone, make sure to use the
   international format for the number. This means leading with the :guilabel:`+ (plus)` sign
   followed by the international country code.

   A country code is a locator code that allows access to the desired country's phone system. The
   country code is dialed first, prior to the target number. Each country in the world has its own

>    specific country code.\

Reviewer: I can't tell if the backslash here is used for formatting purposes, because when I ran make, it didn't seem to show up in the build. If so, feel free to ignore it, but if not, I wanted to call it out in case it was a typo.

    E.g.: `+16506913277` (where `+1` is the international prefix for the United States).

   .. image:: onsip/onsip05.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Incorrect number message populated in the Odoo VoIP widget.

   .. seealso::
      For a list of comprehensive country codes, visit: `https://countrycode.org
      <https://countrycode.org>`_.

> OnSIP on Your Cell Phone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OnSIP on a mobile phone
```

- :guilabel:`SIP Password` = OnSIP :guilabel:`SIP Password`
- :guilabel:`Handset Extension` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Ext.` (extension without the `x`)

.. image:: onsip/onsip-creds.png
   :align: center
   :alt: OnSIP user credentials with username, auth username, SIP password, and extension
         highlighted.

.. tip::
   The OnSIP extension can be found in the :guilabel:`User` banner line above the tabs.

Once these steps are complete, and the work is saved, Odoo users can make phone calls by clicking
:guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon in the top-right corner of Odoo.

.. seealso::
   Additional setup and troubleshooting steps can be found on `OnSIP's knowledgebase
   <https://support.onsip.com/hc/en-us>`_.

Incoming calls
--------------

The Odoo database will also receive incoming calls that produce pop-up windows in Odoo. Click the
green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to answer the call.

   .. image:: onsip/incoming-call.png
      :align: center
      :alt: alt text

.. seealso::
   :doc:`voip_widget`

Troubleshooting
---------------

Missing parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If a *Missing Parameters* message appears in the Odoo widget, make sure to refresh the Odoo

> browser window (or tab) and try again.

Reviewer: I would double check line 112, because it looks like it is an early break (before 100 characters)

.. image:: onsip/onsip04.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Missing parameter message in the Odoo VoIP widget.

Incorrect number
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an *Incorrect Number* message appears in the Odoo widget, make sure to use the international
format for the number. This means leading with the :guilabel:`+ (plus)` sign followed by the
international country code.

A country code is a locator code that allows access to the desired country's phone system. The
country code is dialed first, prior to the target number. Each country in the world has its own
specific country code.

E.g.: `+16506913277` (where `+1` is the international prefix for the United States).

.. image:: onsip/onsip05.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Incorrect number message populated in the Odoo VoIP widget.

.. seealso::
   For a list of comprehensive country codes, visit: `https://countrycode.org
   <https://countrycode.org>`_.

OnSIP on mobile phone
=====================

In order to make and receive phone calls when the user is not in front of Odoo on their computer, a

> softphone app on a mobile phone can be used in parallel with Odoo VoIP. This is useful for
> on-the-go calls, but also to make sure to hear incoming calls, or simply for convenience. Any SIP
> softphone will work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
softphone app on a mobile phone can be used in parallel with Odoo *VoIP*.

This is useful for convenient, on-the-go calls, and to make sure incoming calls are heard. Any SIP
softphone will work.
```

Introduction
============

Odoo *VoIP* can be set up to work together with `OnSIP <https://www.onsip.com/>`_. OnSIP is a VoIP
provider. An account is needed with OnSIP in order to use this service.

Before setting up an account with OnSIP, make sure the company's home area, and the areas that will
be called, are covered by OnSIP services.

After opening an OnSIP account, follow the configuration procedure below to configure it on an Odoo
database.

Configuration
=============

To configure the Odoo database to connect to OnSIP services, first navigate to the
:menuselection:`Apps application` from the main Odoo dashboard. Then, remove the default `Apps`

> filter from the :guilabel:`Search` bar, and search for `VoIP OnSIP`.

Reviewer 3: Please write the text in :guilabel:s exactly as it appears on the UI :)
```suggestion
filter from the :guilabel:`Search...` bar, and search for `VoIP OnSIP`.
```

- :guilabel:`OnSIP authorization User` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Auth Username`
- :guilabel:`Handset Extension` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Ext.` (extension without the `x`)
- :guilabel:`SIP Password` = OnSIP :guilabel:`SIP Password`

.. image:: onsip/onsip-creds.png
   :align: center
   :alt: OnSIP user credentials with username, auth username, SIP password, and extension
         highlighted.

.. tip::
   The OnSIP extension can be found in the *User* banner line above the tabs.

When these steps are complete, click :guilabel:`Save` on the user form in Odoo to save the
configurations.

Once saved, Odoo users can make phone calls by clicking the :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon in the
top-right corner of Odoo.

.. seealso::
   Additional setup and troubleshooting steps can be found on `OnSIP's knowledge base
   <https://support.onsip.com/hc/en-us>`_.

Incoming calls
--------------

The Odoo database also receives incoming calls that produce pop-up windows in Odoo. When those call
pop-up windows appear, click the green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to answer the call.

To ignore the call, click the red :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon.

>    .. image:: onsip/incoming-call.png
>       :align: center
>       :alt: alt text

Reviewer 3: No need for this image to be indented :)
```suggestion
.. image:: onsip/incoming-call.png
   :align: center
   :alt: alt text
```

   To access the OnSIP domain, navigate to `OnSIP <https://www.onsip.com/>`_ and log in. Then, click
   the :guilabel:`Administrators` link in the top-right of the page.

   Next, in the left menu, click :guilabel:`Users`, and then select any user. By default, the
   selected user opens on the :guilabel:`User Info` tab.

   Click on the :guilabel:`Phone Settings` tab to reveal OnSIP configuration credentials. In the
   first column, last in the list of credentials, is :guilabel:`Domain`.

   .. image:: onsip/domain-setting.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Domain setting revealed (highlighted) on administrative panel of OnSIP management
            console.

Odoo user setting
-----------------

Next, the user needs to be set up in Odoo. Every user associated with an OnSIP user **must** also be
configured in the Odoo user's settings/preferences.

To do that, navigate to :menuselection:`Settings app --> Manage Users --> Select the User`.

On the user form, click :guilabel:`Edit` to configure the user's OnSIP account. Then, click the
:guilabel:`Preferences` tab, and scroll to the :guilabel:`VoIP Configuration` section.

In this section, fill in the fields with OnSIP credentials.

> .. tip::

Reviewer 4: this **tip** is a word-for-word match as the other one, minus the last sentence about the **Domain** credential.
think we can get rid of it?

Introduction
============

Odoo VoIP can be set up to work together with `OnSIP <https://www.onsip.com/>`_. In this case, the

> installation and setup of an Asterisk server is not necessary as the whole infrastructure is hosted

Reviewer 5: this phrase makes no sense now that we entirely removed the doc about setting up asterisk imho

- :guilabel:`SIP Password` = OnSIP :guilabel:`SIP Password`
- :guilabel:`Handset Extension` = OnSIP :guilabel:`Ext.` (extension without the `x`)

.. image:: onsip/onsip-creds.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Onsip user credentials with username, auth username, SIP password, and extension
         highlighted.

.. tip::
   The OnSIP extension can be found in the :guilabel:`User` banner line above the tabs.

Once these steps are complete, and the work is saved, Odoo users can make phone calls by clicking
:guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon  in the top right corner of Odoo.

.. seealso::
   Additional setup and troubleshooting steps can be found on `OnSIP's knowledgebase
   <https://support.onsip.com/hc/en-us>`_.

Incoming calls
--------------

The Odoo database will also receive incoming calls that produce pop-up windows in Odoo. Click the
green :guilabel:`📞 (phone)` icon to answer the call.

   .. image:: onsip/incoming-call.png
      :align: center
      :alt: alt text

.. seealso::
   :doc:`voip_widget`

Troubleshooting
---------------

.. tip::
   If a *Missing Parameters* message apprears in the Odoo softphone, make sure to refresh the Odoo

>    browserwindow and try again.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   browser window and try again.
```

Reviewer 5: or tab

   followed by the international country code.

   A country code is a locator code that allows access to the desired country's phone system. The
   country code is dialed first, prior to the target number. Each country in the world has its own
   specific country code.\

    E.g.: `+16506913277` (where `+1` is the international prefix for the United States).

   For a list of comprehensive country codes, visit: `https://countrycode.org
   <https://countrycode.org>`_.

   .. image:: onsip/onsip05.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Incorrect number message populated in the Odoo VoIP widget.

OnSIP on Your Cell Phone
========================

In order to make and receive phone calls when the user is not in front of Odoo on their computer, A
softphone app on a mobile phone can be used in parallel with Odoo VoIP. This is useful for
on-the-go calls, but also to make sure to hear incoming calls, or simply for convenience. Any SIP
softphone will work.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`devices_integrations`

Grandstream Wave
----------------

.. important::
   A Grandstream Wave account is necessary to utilize the following integration. This includes a

>    networked PBX hardware integration from Grandstream (e.g. Grandstream UCM63XX series IP PBX).

Reviewer 5: i do ont understand what you mean here. i need to have an account with access to specific hardware with grandstream? unclear to me
